release: v1.42.0 (#4766)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_jwks_headers.md

### Add headers to the JWKS download request ([Issue #4651](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4651))

> This adds the ability to set static headers on HTTP requests to download a JWKS from an identity provider

Reviewer: The router supports the new `authentication.router.jwt.jwks.headers` option for setting static headers on HTTP requests to download a JWKS from an identity provider.

For details, see the [JWKS configuration option](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/authn-jwt#jwks).

> This adds the ability to set static headers on HTTP requests to download a JWKS from an identity provider

Author: ```suggestion
The router supports the new `authentication.router.jwt.jwks.headers` option for setting static headers on HTTP requests to download a JWKS from an identity provider.

For details, see the [JWKS configuration option](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/authn-jwt#jwks).
```
